Add new options for validation of database connections (#7259)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/custom-settings/tricky-custom-runtime-settings.md

In general, we see that increasing the `ConnectionPoolingMaxActive` value to a (much) higher number is very rarely the right action to take, even if it is unfortunately the action usually taken when you run into connection pooling issues.

> ### 4.2 Validating database connections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 4.2 Validating Database Connections
```

> The settings mentioned below are supported since Mendix 10.6.4 and 10.8.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The settings mentioned below are supported in Mendix version 10.6 in patch versions 10.6.4 and above, and in Mendix version 10.8.0 and above.
```

> In some deployments, database connections can be closed by the network infrastructure, for example some firewalls may close connections when they have been inactive for a long time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some deployments, database connections can be closed by the network infrastructure, for example by a firewall when they have been inactive for a long time.
```
